first he's preparing some natural snacks
not only to feed the monkeys but also
develop their problem-solving skills for
their return to the wild they're kinda
animal that will be searching for food
into the forest is important for them to
learn how to search for food mainly they
love it because it's something new so it
made their imagination go farther so now
time to fill up this little surprise box
pretty monkey like a pinata you notice
yeah I think you hit it and I can move
it all over
Dexter seals the box the monkeys first
challenge will be breaking in
all of the rescued monkeys in this troop
are recovering from a traumatic start in
life in the wild
different species wouldn't normally mix
but here they've pulled together to form
a troop similar to any other they're
highly inquisitive and social and
they're soon working together to break
into the box but it's not a free-for-all
there's a strict hierarchy finding his
place in this complicated troop will be
Santino's biggest challenge monkey
because smart shishi know there's
something inside there I should just
keep on looking and looking and looking
yeah the biggest spider monkey we have
here in the center she knows she's the
strongest so she did whatever she wanted
like an alpha in the wild an alpha
monkey protects and rules over the
others in many species it's the
strongest male but in this unusual troop
female Neriah has taken on the role
there's not a big monkeys not for me
that around here that controlled her so
she's the one that to make sure she get
the first share
next in the hierarchy are the
white-faced capuchin z'
they have one of the largest brains
relative to their size of any monkey and
use their intelligence to hunt insects
and even small mammals in the wild and
go and chase things down to try to find
food oh I want to find something at the
bottom of the pecking order are the
howler monkeys like Santino these gentle
leaf eaters have a low energy diet and
live life at a slower pace but they
could be Santino's greatest allies
whatever the species is important to
keep these monkeys stimulated
bubbles are a brand new experience for
curious minds
that's the funniest thing here that
they're just like another kid
this is the fun part of the monkey
therapy
Oh
you